docs/api/transaction.md, before:

<a name="transaction"></a>
# Class Transaction
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/716cb2d2aae3a4cd7fdaace13411cf4161e6deb6/lib/transaction.js#L11)
The transaction object is used to identify a running transaction. It is created by calling `Sequelize.transaction()`.

To run a query under a transaction, you should pass the transaction in the options object.

***

<a name="isolation_levels"></a>
## `ISOLATION_LEVELS`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/716cb2d2aae3a4cd7fdaace13411cf4161e6deb6/lib/transaction.js#L46)
The possible isolations levels to use when starting a transaction.
Can be set per-transaction by passing `options.isolationLevel` to `sequelize.transaction`.
Default to `REPEATABLE_READ` but you can override the default isolation level by passing `options.isolationLevel` in `new Sequelize`.

```js
{
  READ_UNCOMMITTED: "READ UNCOMMITTED",
  READ_COMMITTED: "READ COMMITTED",
  REPEATABLE_READ: "REPEATABLE READ",
  SERIALIZABLE: "SERIALIZABLE"
}
```


***

<a name="lock"></a>
## `LOCK`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/716cb2d2aae3a4cd7fdaace13411cf4161e6deb6/lib/transaction.js#L90)
Possible options for row locking. Used in conjuction with `find` calls:

```js
t1 // is a transaction
t1.LOCK.UPDATE,
t1.LOCK.SHARE,
t1.LOCK.KEY_SHARE, // Postgres 9.3+ only
t1.LOCK.NO_KEY_UPDATE // Postgres 9.3+ only
```

Usage:
```js
t1 // is a transaction
Model.findAll({
  where: ...,
  transaction: t1,
  lock: t1.LOCK...
});
```

Postgres also supports specific locks while eager loading by using OF:
```js
UserModel.findAll({
  where: ...,
  include: [TaskModel, ...],
  transaction: t1,
  lock: {
    level: t1.LOCK...,
    of: UserModel
  }
});
```
UserModel will be locked but TaskModel won't!


***

<a name="commit"></a>
## `commit()` -> `this`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/716cb2d2aae3a4cd7fdaace13411cf4161e6deb6/lib/transaction.js#L102)
Commit the transaction


***

<a name="rollback"></a>
## `rollback()` -> `this`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/716cb2d2aae3a4cd7fdaace13411cf4161e6deb6/lib/transaction.js#L123)
Rollback (abort) the transaction


***

_This document is automatically generated based on source code comments. Please do not edit it directly, as your changes will be ignored. Please write on <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/#sequelizejs">IRC</a>, open an issue or a create a pull request if you feel something can be improved. For help on how to write source code documentation see [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org) and [dox](https://github.com/tj/dox)_

Commit message:

Add possibility to defer constraints in PostgreSQL

docs/api/transaction.md, after:

<a name="transaction"></a>
# Class Transaction
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/8cacc120955e369f681e589f78b986bf8dc36463/lib/transaction.js#L18)
The transaction object is used to identify a running transaction. It is created by calling `Sequelize.transaction()`.

To run a query under a transaction, you should pass the transaction in the options object.

**Params:**

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ----------- |
| sequelize | Sequelize | A configured sequelize Instance |
| options | Object | An object with options |
| options.autocommit=true | Boolean | Sets the autocommit property of the transaction. |
| options.isolationLevel=true | String | Sets the isolation level of the transaction. |
| options.deferred | String | Sets the constraints to be deferred or immediately checked. |


***

<a name="isolation_levels"></a>
## `ISOLATION_LEVELS`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/8cacc120955e369f681e589f78b986bf8dc36463/lib/transaction.js#L53)
The possible isolations levels to use when starting a transaction.
Can be set per-transaction by passing `options.isolationLevel` to `sequelize.transaction`.
Default to `REPEATABLE_READ` but you can override the default isolation level by passing `options.isolationLevel` in `new Sequelize`.

```js
{
  READ_UNCOMMITTED: "READ UNCOMMITTED",
  READ_COMMITTED: "READ COMMITTED",
  REPEATABLE_READ: "REPEATABLE READ",
  SERIALIZABLE: "SERIALIZABLE"
}
```


***

<a name="lock"></a>
## `LOCK`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/8cacc120955e369f681e589f78b986bf8dc36463/lib/transaction.js#L77)
Possible options for row locking. Used in conjuction with `find` calls:

```js
t1 // is a transaction
t1.LOCK.UPDATE,
t1.LOCK.SHARE,
t1.LOCK.KEY_SHARE, // Postgres 9.3+ only
t1.LOCK.NO_KEY_UPDATE // Postgres 9.3+ only
```

Usage:
```js
t1 // is a transaction
Model.findAll({
  where: ...,
  transaction: t1,
  lock: {
    level: t1.LOCK...,
    of: UserModel
  }
});
```

***

<a name="commit"></a>
## `commit()` -> `this`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/8cacc120955e369f681e589f78b986bf8dc36463/lib/transaction.js#L89)
Commit the transaction


***

<a name="rollback"></a>
## `rollback()` -> `this`
[View code](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/8cacc120955e369f681e589f78b986bf8dc36463/lib/transaction.js#L110)
Rollback (abort) the transaction


***

_This document is automatically generated based on source code comments. Please do not edit it directly, as your changes will be ignored. Please write on <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/#sequelizejs">IRC</a>, open an issue or a create a pull request if you feel something can be improved. For help on how to write source code documentation see [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org) and [dox](https://github.com/tj/dox)_
